hi to all these actors and today
I will make you a little or no
this 4d cinema put on photoshop for
how to improve an image so well
sure this building this departure is blurry it's going
still months past but the goal of
this manipulation is to give a
little side hd advance a picture so we
will you follow you start again so you have
your calq and you unlock in
double clicking on the frame and you
click ok you started with the
public and once in a click and in
doing the church and ask them on this
little tab once twice
so then you will take the
first two copy calculations and you
go drag them into this icon of
folders to create a group we
let's call details for example so
you double click on lignon of the
folder to pick it up you click on
the arrow to develop him now
we will click on the 2nd layer of
group and the past in incrustation
then we selected the
first layer of the group and do when
we read or pomy for those who are on
bach or switch to negative mode of the
crazy everything and now you go to
spent in bright light
it creates kinds of little everything
like that and now the kermode group
transfers we will pass it in mode
inlay so for the moment we do not
see nothing special but now we
will go and take the negative calquiner and
we're going to teeth attenuation filter and
crazy surface on flu surface we're going
do her tweaks that I did that I
leave it by default and we do ok time
there may be a change we have
the coolies do not have any and when we
disables see that we feel a little floor
so here it is a photo we pass
dimension in bsb not book ltée when we
active see
a detail coming out here and after
you save good example
that those in this group be with the little
eye so that it records everything that
is the screen here are these texts hours for
a little to hi